JESSICA CLAIRE
100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432 - 1000 - resumesample@example.com
SUMMARY
e Over 4 years of experience in Analysis, Design, Development, Management, and Implementation of various standalone and client - server architecture - based enterprise application software.
e Experience in each phase of software Development life cycle (SDLC) in Agile Software Methodology and the waterfall methodology.
e Exposed to all aspects of software development life cycle such as Analysis, Planning. Developing, Testing and Implementing and Post - production analysis of the projects.
e Extensive experience of working with the build and deployment of large - scale applications.
e Hands on experience with Subversion and GIT.
e Experience in Administration / Maintenance of source control management systems such as Git Hub and Subversion SVN. Created tags
and Branches, fix the merge issues and administered Software Repositories.
e Hands on experience with bug tracking tools like Tracker, Jira, HP Service Manager and TFS.
e Experience in a UNIX environment and expertise in several flavors of Linux including Red Hat, CentOS, and Ubuntu.
« Strong experience in System Administration, Installation, Upgrading Patches, Configuration, Troubleshooting, Security, Backup,
Disaster Recovery, Performance Monitoring and Fine - tuning on Red Hat Linux Systems.
e Experience writing Ruby, Python, Shell (Bash), Perl and Batch/PowerShell scripts to automate the deployments.
EXPERIENCE
12/2018 to Current Python Developer
09/2017 to 11/2018 AWS Python Developer
¢ Built CI pipeline to automatically test all code commits and CD pipeline for developers to ship code to production.
Developed Views and Templates with Django view controller and template architecture to create a user - friendly
© Coordinate and assist developers with establishing and applying appropriate branching, labeling and naming
e Designed and implemented scalable, secure cloud architecture based on Amazon Web Services.
09/2016 to 08/2017 Linux Admin - Intern
EDUCATION
AND TRAINING
08/2016 Master of Science: computer engineering
California State University - Fullerton, CA
SKILLS
e SVN, Git e Perl, Shell (Kshell, Bash), Python
e Jira, TFS e Django
e Jenkins, Ansible, Kafka, HPSA ¢ MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle DB, MS - SQL
e Amazon Web Services (AWS) e Windows(2K8.2K12.2K16), Linux (RHEL, Ubuntu, Centos)